Add ArrayIndices type (#716)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`IsEqual`](source/is-equal.d.ts) - Returns a boolean for whether the two given types are equal.
- [`TaggedUnion`](source/tagged-union.d.ts) - Create a union of types that share a common discriminant property.
- [`IntRange`](source/int-range.d.ts) - Generate a union of numbers.

> - [`ArrayIndex`](source/array-index.d.ts) - Extract keys of an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`ArrayIndex`](source/array-index.d.ts) - Provides valid indices for a constant array or tuple.
```

Maybe clearer?
